[slow instrumental
music playing]
[puppy whining]
[barking]
[baby cooing]
[barks]
[baby squeals, laughing]
[gasps]
[giggles]
-[puppy whimpering]
-[Jor-El] We must hurry.
The planet won't survive
much longer.
[Lara] Are you sure about this?
[Jor-El] I'm afraid
it's the only way.
[stirring music playing]
[rumbling]
Krypton is about to die.
[whines]
But you, dear son,
will live on.
[whining]
-[baby crying]
-[barking]
[Jor-El] Krypto, no!
[whining]
[barks]
[sniffing]
Oh! Krypto!
[laughing]
No.
Our boy will need a friend.
Watch over our son.
[dramatic music playing]
[rumbling]
[Krypto whimpering]
[sentimental music playing]
[crying]
[crying stops]
[baby cooing]
[snoring]
[barks]
-[mischievous music playing]
-[Clark continues snoring]
[whines]
All right, wake up, buddy.
It is walk-o'clock.
[objects clattering]
Maybe I should let him sleep?
Okay, I let him sleep.
-[Krypto yawning]
-[Clark continues snoring]
[Krypto] All right.
[snoring loudly]
-[thumps]
-[muffled snoring]
This is unpleasant
for both of us.
-[barks]
-[Clark] No. No, no. No, no.
[whines]
Hmm.
[Clark mumbling]
Five more...
Five more minutes.
-[thuds]
-[mischievous music stops]
And I'm up.
Okay, Krypto.
-We'll go for a walk.
-[barking]
["You're My Best Friend"
by Queen playing]
[panting]
[yawning] Whoa!
♪ Ooh you make me live
♪ Whatever this world
can give to me ♪
♪ It's you you're all I see
[barking]
♪ Ooh you make me live
-[siren blaring]
-♪ You're the best friend
♪ That I ever had
-[robbers laughing]
-♪ I've been with you
such a long time ♪
♪ You're my sunshine
and I want you to know ♪
-[both] Huh?
-[groans]
♪ ...I really love you
-[growling]
-♪ Oh you're my best friend
♪ Ooh you make me live
♪ Whenever this world
is cruel to me ♪
♪ I got you
to help me forgive ♪
♪ Ooh you make me live
[all gasp]
[all sigh in relief]
♪ ...that I ever had
♪ You know
I'll never be lonely ♪
-♪ You're my only one
-[barks]
♪ And I love the things
♪ I really love
the things that you do ♪
[barks, whines]
♪ Oh you're my best friend
[reporter] Mister Mxyzptlk
has finally been defeated.
Turns out, he just needed
to say his name backwards.
From Metropolis,
I'm Lois Lane.
[Superman] Hey, Lois.
I know you like these,
so I got you one
from actual Paris.
-[chuckles]
-[romantic music playing]
I don't know
why I said it like that.
And I got you one of these
from 43rd Street.
Which is, like,
a full three blocks
out of my way.
During rush hour?
Wow, that's like
me flying to Mars.
[Lois] What? You can fly?
I always thought the cape
was just a cute accessory.
Oh! So you think I'm cute.
I said the cape was cute.
[sighs] You think I'm cute.
Are we lickin' faces
right now?
Because if we're lickin' faces,
I gotta get in on...
-[barking]
-[romantic music stops]
Oh, what do I have here?
-[toy squeaking]
-[gasps]
Squeezy Bruce!
-Fetch!
-[barks]
Pup, up and away!
[laughs] Okay, where were we?
[Krypto] Squeezy Bruce
retrieved.
Hey, those guys look fun.
How about you
go play with them?
[amusing music playing]
So I'm eating my own vomit,
and then the--
So, I'm eating my own--
So I'm--
I'm--
I see you've retreated
to your Batcave,
but nobody can hide
from the long snoot
of justice.
Hmm.
And then I says,
"If you don't want me
rubbing my butt
in the carpet,
get hardwood floors."
[crashing]
[Krypto] Squeezy Bruce
has been retrieved.
Wait, do you know who this is?
It's Krypto the Superdog.
Okay. [chuckles]
You can have my pawtograph.
[mud squelches]
Listen, I'm afraid
I gotta keep it to just one,
or I'll be signing all day.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I gotta get this
back to my boy.
-[Foofy] He doesn't want it.
-[Krypto] I'm sorry, what?
Mr. Outside-Underpants.
He doesn't want the toy.
He's trying to get rid of ya.
What? That's ridiculous.
Superman and I
are inseparable.
I'm his ride or die.
Oh, yeah?
Where you, uh,
sleeping these days?
I sleep in bed with Supes.
Except when Lois stays over,
then I have to move to my
extra special spot
on the floor.
[amusing music stops]
Brutal.
Same thing happened to me.
Nancy got a fiancee
and it was all over.
That's French
for "Bye-bye, dog."
Yeah, well,
you don't get Supes
like I get Supes.
I mean, sure, the guy dates,
but he will never love anyone
except for... [gasps]
[in slow motion] I love you.
[ominous music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[whimpering]
[ominous music fades]
Um, are you okay?
Me? Yes, I'm... I'm fine.
I am fine. I'm totally...
Fine?
All right, good talk.
Pound it out.
[screams]
This might sound crazy,
but now that we're together,
I think Krypto feels left out?
[Krypto whines]
Yeah. I guess I'm, kind of,
his only friend.
That's sweet.
But maybe he'd be happier
if he had a new friend, too.
[upbeat music playing]
Good morning, friends.
[panting]
So it begins.
Like clockwork, Carl will try
to flirt with Patty.
Ooh! Is that new perfume?
It's cat pee.
And have zero game.
Giving this handsome canine
just enough time to--
What you doin', Ace?
I'm bustin' loose, PB.
Sick of this
whole cage situation.
Oh, my goddess.
This is just
like when Wonder Woman
used her
Bracelets of Submission
to escape Doctor Poison's
secret hideout.
[grunting] Like... this!
Okay. Not exactly like this.
What if the rescue lady
catches you?
And locks you in the back room?
Where they only listen
to smooth jazz.
Relax, Chip.
I got my girl, Merton,
running lookout.
These peepers
don't miss a thing.
If the rescue lady's coming,
you'll know it.
Perfect. Because I almost
got myself out of the--
[Patty] Nope.
[Merton] I think
the rescue lady's coming!
Thanks, Merton.
That's a...
that's a good catch.
I'm rooting for you, Ace.
But don't you
wanna get adopted
and feel the warm embrace
of a middle-aged person
who lives alone?
Yeah. Who will be
your new best friend.
You're my best friends,
dummies.
And you're all coming
with me to the farm.
[gasps] I love when he talks
about the farm!
-The farm upstate.
-[uplifting music playing]
An untamed paradise
where animals run free
and they love and protect
one another.
And the lettuce grows on trees.
[Merton gasps]
No shelter lady
watching our every move. Nope.
It's a 100% animal farm.
That doesn't sound
ominous at all.
It's perfect.
And when I get us
all outta here,
well, that's where
we're gonna go.
-[animal] The dog is right.
-[uplifting music fades]
He should seek his freedom.
You see that? Lulu gets it.
And he must destroy
-all who stand in his way!
-[sinister music playing]
Wow. Well,
that just took a turn.
You may kid yourself
with your silly farm,
but I have the device!
For, one day soon,
when the stars align,
the device will bring me
ultimate power
and I will be more than free!
[all] "Will be more than free!"
-Exactly.
-[sinister music stops]
Lulu, whatever they tested
on you in that lab,
left you a few
guineas short of a pig.
That device
is just a pile of garbage.
You fear my brilliance.
[scoffs]
Recede into shadows.
Maintain eye contact.
[Clark] All right, boy,
I'll be right back
with a surprise.
And I will remain here,
posing under
my secret identity.
[whimsical music playing]
Bark Kent.
So, what is new with you,
fellow normal dog?
Uh, I bit the FedEx guy
the other day.
Ah, fine job.
Who was he working for?
General Zod?
The Legion of Doom?
FedEx.
Of course!
The federation of exes.
Not to be trusted.
[bird cawing]
[scatting nervously]
What is taking
my owner so long?
So, Mr. Kent, you're looking
for another pet, huh?
Well, my dog's the best.
[chuckles]
But I've got this girlfriend.
And I'm gonna ask her
to marry me tonight.
-Aw!
-[gags]
-Congratulations.
-Thanks!
But he doesn't know that yet,
and I just think maybe
he needs a friend of his own.
Well, then I think Ace here
would be the perfect--
[gasps]
How do you feel
about guinea pigs?
[adventurous music playing]
I'll come back for
all of you guys after closing.
Stay strong.
[grunting]
There we go.
-[screeching]
-[metallic clang]
[Ace groans]
Oh, man, that hurt.
Yes. And that hurt me as well.
Due to the fact
that I feel pain
as any ordinary canine would.
[amusing music playing]
Uh-huh. Anyway,
I'm kind of in the middle
of a prison break,
so could you please...?
Prison break?
Stop right there and cease
your unlawful activities,
dog I've never met.
The heck are you
talking about, man?
You the same dog
that was literally
just behind me.
Impossible.
That dog wore glasses.
Now surrender,
I don't want to hurt you.
Oh, okay,
so you wanna take it there.
You wanna throw paws,
then fine.
But I should warn you,
I'm one-eighth Boxer.
[amusing music stops]
And seven-eighths Chihuahua.
Chihuahuas are vicious.
Take that.
Take a little bit of this.
[grunts] Tap out,
and I'll let you out.
-[yawns, smacks lips]
-Here come the thunder!
You're gonna get it! Ahhh!
Oh, man. I'm getting a stitch.
Yeah, I gotta take a knee.
Oh, if I didn't
get this stitch,
I had you where I wanted you.
[gasping] Banana! Get me...
Get me a banana! Hurry up!
[grunts]
That's cold, man.
Aw! Aren't you
a little ray of sunshine?
-[dog barking]
-What?
Oh, Krypto.
Oh, you think you're so great,
don't you, Superdog?
You think your dookie
don't stink.
My dookie doesn't stink.
Wait, wait, time out.
Are you serious, right now?
Yep, it actually
smells like sandalwood.
It's borderline aromatherapy,
if I'm being honest.
[grunts, laughs]
Whoa! Whoa!
You ain't normal, man.
Yeah, well,
at least I have an owner.
[scoffs] You can't own me.
I'm a wild animal.
Exactly. So, let's get you
back in the cage.
Supes is probably missing me.
Missing? [laughs]
The dude tied you up
to the stop sign
and went into that shelter
to buy you a new friend
so that you'd give him
some space.
-[Carl] Gotcha.
-[Ace groans]
Superman would never do that.
Well, it's literally
happening right now. [grunts]
I'm just glad
that that new friend ain't me.
Easy, Carl.
Stop acting like
you don't know me. [grunts]
-[Carl grunts]
-Nice try, Houdini.
[smooth jazz music
playing on speaker]
Well, you did say
you'd come back for us.
[sighs]
[bell tinkling]
Ooh, adoption time.
One of us is gonna get someone
to snuggle with.
Yeah, don't get your hopes up.
They always pick the--
[meows]
Here you go, baby.
Wow! First day.
Being a rescue animal
is easy and fun!
[sighs wearily]
[melancholic music playing]
Hey. You'll get 'em next time.
Yeah. Next time.
I can't believe
that shelter punk
said I wasn't normal.
I'm a totally normal dog.
[toilet flushes]
[chuckles] And no way
Superman was in there
looking for a friend for me.
♪ I don't need a friend
♪ Supes is my friend
♪ My only friend
is Superman ♪
[Superman] Hmm.
[crashing]
-What's that?
-[barking]
[dramatic music playing]
Someone is dragging
a meteor toward the city?
[barking]
-Luthor.
-[growls]
[Lex] Hello, gorgeous.
Oh, how I have longed for you
to enter my solar system.
It's a rock.
That rock, Mercy,
is 100% orange kryptonite.
Cool.
Another kryptonite scheme.
No, this is different!
Green kryptonite
takes away Superman's powers,
but orange kryptonite
-Will give me superpowers.
-[device beeping]
You know, like,
uh, invisibility
or, uh, laser-eyes,
or throwing playing cards
really hard.
I'm finally gonna be stronger
than that stupid--
You're not talking about me,
are you?
[barking]
Yeah, I think he was talking
about me, too.
That's awkward.
[Lex] Superman.
I'd expected you
and that mutt of yours
-much sooner.
-[growling]
I'm gonna need you to
let go of that meteor, Lex.
Gladly.
[tense music playing]
-[baby laughing]
-[both gasp]
[people screaming]
Krypto, fetch!
[barking]
[dramatic music playing]
[car horn honking]
[gasping]
[yelps]
-[people gasping]
-[gasps]
[man] That dog's a hero!
Krypto!
Good dog.
Let's put this thing back
in space where it belongs.
Ma'am. Baby.
[gasps]
[baby grunts]
[crying]
[dramatic music swells]
[Superman grunts]
[laughing] Let's see
if you can catch it now.
[man 1 gasps]
[man 2] Ah!
[heroic music playing]
[Superman] You forgot
one thing, Lex.
Unlike you, I have friends.
-[upbeat music playing]
-Thanks for building
your stupid evil headquarters
on the river.
Very convenient
for the water guy.
I'm Aquaman!
Oh, great. These jabronies.
Uh, did somebody
call tech support?
Have you tried turning it
off and on again?
Thanks, buddy.
Buddy? No, these people
are work friends at best.
Please fasten
your safety belts.
They are invisible.
Yeah, none of this stuff
is invisible.
It's really more transparent.
Hmm?
I like your laser thing.
But it looks better in green.
[Mercy grunts]
Yeah.
[automated voice]
LexCorp power suit engaged.
Seat warmer activated.
Best billion I ever spent.
-[button beeps]
-[hatch opens]
All I need is one little piece.
[grunts]
Aw, bless your little heart.
Did you think you
were gonna get to it first?
[crowd gasping]
[Krypto] Thank you.
[laughs]
[grunts]
[laughing maliciously]
I am what I was always
meant to become.
-[upbeat music fades]
-[grunts]
[groans]
Huh? What is this?
But I'm supposed
to have superpowers!
[man clears throat]
-They're overrated.
-[grunts]
-[upbeat music resumes]
-[groans]
-[barks]
-[upbeat music fades]
Good boy, Krypto.
[barking]
[Superman] Who's a good boy?
Who's a good boy?
Are you my super doggo?
Are you?
Oh! In the tongue. [laughs]
Who's a good boy?
I miss my parents.
[Superman] Who threw that
kryptonite back into space?
[suspenseful music playing]
Hello, gorgeous.
Oh, how I've longed for you
to enter my solar system.
[groaning]
[continues groaning]
You win this round, lettuce.
[kryptonite pulsing]
Guys, what's going on?
Nothing, PB.
Just the plan
that you all called crazy
turns out to be crazy good.
[evil chuckle]
You see,
when I was back in the lab,
there was this human.
He was evil, sadistic, hot.
[chuckles]
And together
we were two scientists
searching for ultimate power.
Of course, there were missteps
along the way.
The red kryptonite
made my hair fall out.
Luckily, I had the bone
structure to pull it off.
Purple gave me
uncomfortably vivid dreams.
But the orange...
we knew the orange
would be different.
And we had a plan.
Until Krypto the Superdog
had to come and ruin it.
[alarm blaring]
Stupid name.
Named after his planet.
Oh, real creative.
[guinea pig 1] Thanks, Krypto!
[guinea pig 2]
I'm coming home, son!
Huh? What the heck
are you doing?
I'm freeing you
from this horrible
animal testing lab.
-[explosion]
-No! This is my home!
And now this is your new home.
-You're welcome.
-What are you talking about?
-[grunts, groans]
-Oh, you're the sweetest!
Unhand me, wench!
[ominous music playing]
So I bided my time
in this disturbing hovel,
preparing.
Because I'd figured
out something
that even Lex couldn't.
Orange kryptonite
doesn't work on people.
It only works on pets.
[ominous music swells]
[ominous music resumes]
Uh, Lulu, are you okay?
Oh, I'm more than okay, pig.
I am what I was always
meant to become.
Lulu, hey. What?
Take us with you, okay?
Us shelter animals, you know,
we... we gotta
stick together, right?
Solidarity.
Oh, Ace, I'm sorry.
I don't really have time
in my life right now
to take care of a pet!
[sinister music playing]
Lulu, wait!
Do not leave us here!
Don't worry,
I'm sure someone wonderful
will adopt you any day.
[animal] What about me?
Oh, Whiskers.
Of course. I'm not a monster.
-[laughs]
-[meowing]
Miss you. Love you. Have fun.
[screams]
Hold on, PB. I'mma get us out.
-[grunts]
-[grunts] I smell bacon!
Why is my mouth watering?
There's so much
to unpack here. [screams]
[gasps] Guys, I'm small!
What just happened?
No, seriously,
what just happened?
I can't see [bleep].
The orange kryptonite
gave me powers, too. [gasps]
This is my origin story.
And my uncle
didn't even have to die.
Uh, yeah, that's great.
But it ain't lookin' too good
for your old pal Ace.
[gasps] Right. Wonder Pig,
still working on the name,
is on it. [grunts]
[groaning]
-[cracking]
-uh-oh.
-[screams] Ace, no!
-[Chip] Ace!
[dramatic music playing]
[both gasp]
I should be a lot more dead
right now, right?
[PB] Oh, my gosh.
The orange kryptonite
gave you powers, too!
You're super strong!
And your tail
is now made of fire.
I'm sorry. My what is who?
[screams]
-My tail! Ah, let go of my--
-[floor squeaking]
Oh, my tail... My tail on fire!
I got my tail on fire!
Ace, it's fine. See?
Huh?
You're invulnerable.
And I can shrink myself down
to the size of an--
[screams, grunts]
[jazz music playing on radio]
Ah! [chuckles sheepishly]
Still working out the kinks.
I didn't see anything.
You go get Chip, I'll get Mert.
[dramatic music playing]
[Merton grunts]
[dinging]
[screeches]
In your face, lettuce.
-[cracking]
-[gasping]
[sighs in exasperation]
[smooth jazz music
playing on radio]
[PB grunts]
Oh, great.
I'm the only one
who didn't get any super--
[screaming]
[chuckles nervously]
[radio presenter]
Metropolis 97.2...
-[gasps]
-...smooth jazz.
-Come on, let's get outta here.
-Right.
[crashing]
Update.
I'm fast now, but I still
can't see [bleep].
-[crashing]
-[car alarm blaring]
-[Merton] Uh-uh. Here we go.
-[cat yowls]
[upbeat music
playing on speakers]
-[microwave beeps, whirrs]
-[popcorn popping]
All right.
Thursday night TV night.
Time for my favorite show
with my bro in Metropo. Huh?
♪ I am Superman ♪
♪ And I can do any... ♪
Huh? What the...?
Let me just iron that out.
They should call me
Iron Man. [laughs] No.
Well, look at you, all spiffy.
Pretty dressed up
for the British Bake Off.
But you know what?
It makes sense.
-This is the season finale.
-[intercom ringing]
[gasps] You have a date?
[sniffs]
On Bake Offnight?
-[door buzzing]
-[mischievous music playing]
Aw! Hey there, little fella.
-[gasps]
-[growls]
[seagull squawking]
[Lois screaming]
-[mischievous music playing]
-Nah.
[intercom ringing]
Hey, Lois. Oh!
Oh. Listen, buddy, I--
It is pie week.
Your choice. Her or me.
-[growls]
-What's gotten into you?
Bad dog.
What did you just call me?
That is way out of line, fella.
I mean, if you want--
We'll talk about this
when I get home.
[barks]
-[whimpering]
-[melancholic music playing]
-[door opens]
-I've missed you so much!
You left Squeezy Bruce
in the hallway again.
-[toy squeaking]
-Fine.
I'll watch
the crusts crisp alone.
Bad owner!
[Paul Hollywood] It's quite wet
right underneath as well.
Slightly soggy bottom there.
["Bad Blood" song playing
over headphones]
♪ 'Cause baby
now we got bad blood ♪
[snarling]
♪ You know it used to be
mad love ♪
[sighs]
-Huh?
-[ominous music playing]
Kal-El, son of Jor-El,
I am Lulu,
daughter of Cinnamon,
and you will kneel before me.
[Lulu squeaking]
[Clark] Wait a minute.
Aren't you the hamster
from the shelter?
I am a guinea pig,
and I said kneel!
[Clark groaning]
[grunts]
Well, lookie-lookie what I got
from the old lab.
[weakly] Help, Krypto...
-♪ We got problems♪
♪ And I don't think
we can solve... ♪
-♪ Think we can solve them ♪
-[sobbing]
-[groaning]
-[Lulu chuckles]
You really should have made it
harder to find you.
Those glasses
aren't fooling anyone.
Moustache maybe,
but not glasses.
Whoa!
Why does this always happen
on date night?
[hotline operator]
You've reached the
Justice League emergency line.
For Earth-One, press one.
For Earth-Two, press two.
-[sighs]
-For Earth-Three...
Oh, man,
that looked like it hurt.
I hope it did.
-[Lulu laughing]
-[groans, grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
[groans]
Wow, look at you still trying.
-[Superman grunts]
-Plucky.
Fine, then.
Mama likes a good fight.
[grunts]
[groans]
[Val Stones on TV]
You always bake for a reason.
So, you make it
the best you can.
And you make it with love.
[metal creaking]
[grunts]
[Lulu grunts, groans]
[Lulu laughs]
[straining]
[metal creaking]
[gasps, grunts]
[grunts]
[squeaks]
Surrender.
I don't wanna hurt you.
No, no, no. [choking]
-[Lulu stabs]
-[gasps]
A little advice.
Never test a guinea pig. Okay?
[yelps]
[car alarms blaring]
I can't believe
he really left with her.
They're probably out there
playing fetch together
-as I speak.
-[toy squeaks]
Ooh, he left me cheese!
Ah, I can't stay mad
at the guy.
[chuckles, burps]
[Superman] Help.
-[static]
-Help.
[gasps] Superman?
[gasps, growls]
[barking]
Pup, up, and away!
[screaming]
[grunts]
[whimpering]
What have you done to him?
[groaning]
I see someone
found his medicine.
A tiny shard
of green kryptonite
cleverly concealed
in a hunk of Jarlsberg.
[groaning] They always put it
in the cheese.
[sinister music playing]
You took me away from Lex,
so now I'm taking
Superman away from you.
[groaning]
Oh, uh, don't worry,
this is only step one
of my evil plan.
There's more.
No.
Must protect Super... [grunts]
[garbage clattering]
[siren blaring]
[groaning]
Superman!
-I have to find...
-[bones cracking]
[groaning]
[sighs softly]
-[collar chiming]
-Huh?
[Krypto gasps]
Father.
Yes, it is I, Dog-El.
When you were just a puppy,
I recorded all my knowledge
in your collar.
I know. You've always
helped me in the past,
and I could
really use you now.
Yes, it is I, Dog-El.
We really need
a skip-intro button.
Talk to me, my son.
What seems to be the problem?
Superman.
He's been captured.
[Dog-El] Hmm.
I'm sorry.
I know how close you are.
Yeah, I mean, we were.
Well, you just can't sit there
feeling sad.
You have to go rescue him.
You're right.
I'll save Superman,
and when I do,
he'll realize that
I'm the only friend
he ever needs.
Uh... That's not
exactly what I--
But how am I
supposed to be a hero
when I don't have my powers?
It's not superpowers
that make you a hero, Krypto.
That's not your problem.
Then what is it?
Your problem is you.
You...[echoes]
Me? What do you mean, me?
Father?
-[dramatic music playing]
-[electricity crackling]
A-ha!
That must be the vile rodent.
Don't worry, Superman,
I won't rest
until I rescue you.
[yawns]
This is very restful.
-Yes.
-[crackling]
[screams]
[chuckles sheepishly] Whoops.
[Ace] We're gonna
have to work on that.
I never knew the stars
could be this beautiful,
and there's so many of them.
Look, there's one.
Oh, there's another one.
[chuckles]
Look, there's one, too.
Eh! These stars are crap.
Wait till we get to the farm.
Yeah. [sighs] Everything's
better at the farm.
Oh! Oh, yeah.
Um, yeah, about...
about the farm.
See, understand this.
There's always
a literal interpretation
and then... and then a more--
[Krypto panting] Where is she?
Where...?
Where...? [breathes deeply]
Okay. Where... Where is she?
[panting]
-[panting] Okay. Where is she?
-[dramatic music swells]
-[all gasp]
-[Chip] Ugh.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I've, uh, I've never
really run before. [panting]
[weakly] I... I usually
"Pup, up, and away."
Are you okay?
[in normal voice]
I'm fine, I'm fine.
I was just, uh,
hit by a car a little.
[sighs] You never forget
your first time.
Wait a minute,
where do I know you from?
I can't put my paw on it.
-Where is she?
-[gasps, yelps]
[dramatic music swells]
Whoa. So, the powers
I saw were yours?
You hooligans can help me.
Hurry, there isn't much time.
We have to save Superman.
Superman?
[heroic music playing]
Oh, of course!
You're that super dork
who got me
thrown back in the slammer.
What was it? Creepo? Crisco?
What's your name?
No. It's Krypto the Superdog!
[Ace] Oh!
Well, it looks like
we're both super now.
You know,
I still owe you a whuppin'.
-Hi-yah!
-Ow!
That was my good eye.
Now, wait. It was supposed
to be a fair fight.
Why didn't you block me
with some freeze heat
that was coming out your ears
or something?
Because, I... [sighs] I...
[mumbling]
I don't have my powers.
-What?
-[amusing music playing]
I said I don't
have my powers anymore.
[laughing] Did ya...?
You don't have your powers?
Yeah, that's what's going on.
You're just trying
to use us now,
because you can't handle it
on your own.
Look, I know these powers
are new to you,
but when one has an abundance
of power... [groans]
...they have a certain duty
to use that power to--
-[Ace urinating]
-[heroic music stops]
Sorry. You were
sayin' somethin'?
I was making
an inspiring hero speech.
[Ace continues urinating]
How much did you
have to drink?
I had two toilet bowls
and a bidet.
A bidet, too, which is,
which is crazy.
I didn't even know
that was a thing.
But it's like
a dog water fountain.
You disgusting animal.
Pack, let's roll out.
I'll see you never, Narc Kent.
No! My best friend
is in danger,
and you have to help me.
[Ace] Sorry,
we got other plans.
Good luck with your danger.
We're going to the farm.
Oh, yeah! Lettuce trees, baby!
"Lettuce trees"?
What's this farm called?
The farm upstate.
That sounds made-up.
Oh, yeah?
Well, how would you know?
I grew up on a farm.
In a town called Smallville.
Now that sounds made-up.
So, which way
is this so-called farm?
Well, it's upstate.
So, that... that means
it's... it's up, obviously.
Okay. He's not
telling you the--
[Ace] Can I steal you
for a sec?
You lied about the farm,
didn't you?
Big time. Look, I had
to give them some hope.
-There's one there.
-[Ace] No one was ever
gonna adopt us.
There's one, too.
So, I promised them
it would be their new home.
You know, I'd be happy
to take you and your friends
to my farm.
If you help me save Superman.
Wait a minute.
Is this blackmail?
Are you blackmailing me?
No. I'm just asking you
for something,
which I will reward you for
by not revealing
damaging information.
That is literally
the definition of blackmail.
Fine. We'll help you
get your dumb owner back.
You got yourself a super team.
[heroic music swells, stops]
Did someone
just say super team?
[Chip muffled] Yay.
My destiny awaits.
-[sinister music playing]
-[Lulu] Terrifying villains,
deadly assassins,
I have come to recruit you
for a siege
of murderous savagery!
[all munching]
My fellow, furrier,
guinea pigs.
I have sought you out
because you are
apex predators.
Gods amongst men!
[all munching]
Okay, look. Pig to pig,
I need your help
because my owner
has gotten himself
into a bit of a pickle.
[reporter] Thwarted by
the Justice League,
Lex Luthor now
finds himself behind bars.
I'll destroy you all!
That's my best friend.
[chuckles]
And mentor.
Best friend and mentor.
[clears throat]
[reporter] Built to house
fearsome superpowered
criminals,
Stryker's Island
is the world's most
inescapable prison.
Which is where
you dorks come in.
You see, if I'm gonna get Lex
outta that dump,
I'm gonna need an army.
[cages rattling]
[guinea pigs squeaking]
Um, actually, I think
we'd just rather stay here.
Yeah, I mean,
we get summers off,
all-you-can-drink water.
[slurping]
We even have Spanish class
every miercoles.
Oh, you have nothing...
until you've licked
from the cold steel
straw of power.
[kryptonite pulsing]
-[tires screeching]
-[engine revving]
[dramatic music playing]
Not so fast.
Lois Lane told us
all about you, hamster.
Hamster? A hamster is a...
is a hacky sack!
A hamster is a mouse
that had too much for lunch!
We are guinea pigs
and when we're through
with you, buster,
you'll know it.
Hmm.
[dramatic music intensifies]
[screeches]
[guinea pig growls]
What's going on?
That was your cue to attack.
Uh... Oh, sorry.
I... I was waiting
for him to go first.
Yeah, but if I went first,
your fire would melt my ice,
so maybe the... the wing lady
should go first?
I have a name.
But then I'd set
her wings on fire,
and I don't think
any of us want that.
Well, you don't want
ice on wings.
-[guinea pig 1] Why?
-[guinea pig 2] They...
It clogs the feathers.
Just get him!
[dramatic music playing]
[Batman grunts]
[roars]
[Batman groans]
-[body thuds]
-[guinea pigs squealing]
Whoo! That was fun.
Now then, let's go free Lex.
Huh?
[screams]
[tires screeching]
This ends now, sister.
I have you
in my Lasso of Truth.
Oh, you want the truth?
The boots are a bit much.
[yells]
[siren blaring]
-[hip-hop music playing]
-[sniffing]
Is this really the best way
to find Superman?
Because to me,
this just seems gross.
What do you mean, gross?
Smelling stuff is
one of the greatest joys
of being a dog.
Next to licking
any part of your body.
I mean, I lick myself
all the time.
Well, that explains
the breath.
You wanna find Lulu
and rescue
Captain Hair Gel, right?
Well, I suggest
you start sniffing.
You know what they say,
smell is the sight
of the nose.
No one says that.
Well, they should. Check it.
[sniffs] Uh-huh.
A poodle drooled right here.
[sniffs] Someone threw
a perfectly good pizza crust
in that dumpster right there.
[sniffs] And on that corner...
[sniffs] That corner
right there... Oh, no. Dang.
A pigeon got her heart broken.
I can still smell the hurt.
[sniffs] She was a heavy crier.
It's a superpower
that every dog possesses.
Even a wack one like you.
-[scoffs] I'm not wack.
-[sniffs]
[sniffs] Oh!
[dry heaving]
[Ace] Ooh, is that a band-aid?
[gags, groans]
-[dog panting]
-[bell tolling]
-[sighs]
-[sentimental music playing]
-It's walk-o'clock.
-What-oh-what?
-Nothing.
-Okay.
Because it sounded like
a super adorable nickname
you got for your walks
with your owner.
All right, maybe this is when
me and Supes used to hang out.
Every morning,
since I was a puppy.
Aw! Well, you might
not have your Superman,
but at least you have us.
-A whole super team!
-[heroic music playing]
The Mighty Oink!
Squirrelverine.
Droolo.
Seriously? Droolo?
And wait, where's
Shell-on-wheels? Shell?
[Merton laughing]
What's happenin',
sweet cheeks?
[romantic music playing]
Ah, I get it.
The strong, silent type.
Who needs words?
Man, I wish
I still had my powers.
Yeah, what happened
to them anyway?
I ate some green kryptonite.
A Kryptonian's only weakness.
Why would you eat
your weakness, you dum-dum?
It was in some cheese.
A dog's only weakness.
Well, I ate
a toy dinosaur once.
If we're goin' off that,
I'd say you probably
got a solid two days
until that thing passes.
Unless it's a stegosaurus,
and then you just pray.
-[people screaming on tv]
-You guys, look!
[foreboding music playing]
M'kay, Wonder Woman
will stop her. [gasps]
Goddess, no!
Um...
That sounded
like a bone breaking.
Is that even how it works?
I guess it's down to us.
Who's ready to go
save my best friend?
You want us to fight her?
[shudders]
She just took out
the whole Justice League!
And they all
have opposable thumbs.
[sighs] Remember me
when I'm gone, Fabrizio.
Guys, relax. We'll be fine.
[screaming]
-[car horn honking]
-[tires screeching]
[sinister music playing]
[man] Why are they so mad?
[people screaming]
[roars]
You see? Totally fine.
-Now, let's hero up.
-[heroic music playing]
All right, team,
what are your stats?
Like, my powers include
heat vision, freeze breath...
And don't forget
the Solar Paw Punch.
What is that?
Is that like a juice box
flavor or something?
No, it's Krypto's
most powerful move.
It requires him
to fly directly to the sun
and absorb
its deadly radiation,
turning himself into
a dog-shaped
thermal energy event.
Not even Superman himself
has tried it.
Because he doesn't have paws?
Because it's not something
you come back from.
The punch causes a blast
which takes out
not only the villain
who gets hit with the blow,
but the hero who throws it.
Sounds like a terrible power.
Does sound like
a good juice box, though.
I would drink the juice box.
Okay, enough mayhem.
Thank you. We gotta go...
My goodness! [laughs]
Look who's alive!
Well, let's correct that
little oversight, shall we?
[whistles menacingly]
[guinea pigs snarling]
Ace, deploy canine shield.
What is a canine...? [screams]
[all screaming]
Evade!
Excellent shielding.
That seemed
incredibly painful.
[Ace groans]
Anybody wanna switch powers?
You're up, pig.
Okay, PB, think big!
[grunts]
[gasps]
-[people panicking]
-[screaming]
[gasps, screaming]
Squirrel, light 'em up.
[crackling]
[guinea pigs snarling]
No, no, no. I can't.
Of course you can.
I mean, what's the worst
that could happen?
I could hurt someone.
Or they could hurt me.
Or maybe me freezing like this
is the worst thing.
[screams]
Turtle, use your speed
and get them--
On it.
[heroic music playing]
[heroic music stops]
Where the [bleep] am I?
[munching]
[sighs] You guys are
terrible superheroes.
[scoffs] I don't understand
why you're not getting this.
Yeah, well, there's a lot
that you don't understand
about us, you fool.
Maybe if you
paid attention to... Huh?
-Oh, I'm paying attention.
-[groans] Help.
One-hundo percent attention.
So thick and swole, his abs.
[yelps]
-His abs.
-[growling]
[dramatic music playing]
[guinea pig screeches]
Risky move for a dog
with no powers.
-Some would say heroic.
-[straining]
I would say dumb.
Where is Superman?
[in sing-song voice]
I'm not telling. [chuckles]
[normal voice] Classic evil.
Lex would be so proud.
This is really
about Lex Luthor?
Don't you understand?
He was testing on you.
We were colleagues.
We were scientists together.
You were the guinea pig.
Your hair fell out.
[gulps]
Yeah. Just like his did.
Lex needed me.
That's more than I can say
for your Superman.
Superman needed me.
He... he needs me.
Does he?
Because I'm pretty sure
he's gonna get
everything he needs
from his...
fiancee.
[Krypto gasps]
Oh, no.
You didn't know
they were getting married.
I really am sorry,
'cause this must be
so painful to have to
hear this from me.
No. You're lying.
Am I? Huh.
Well, then why
did this little bauble
fall out of his Underoos
the night I took him down?
Look at it.
The cut's fine but the clarity
is murky as heck. [gags]
Face it, Wonder Mutt,
you're too late.
Your boy's getting hitched.
And that means...
Bye-bye, dog.
But don't worry,
if Superman doesn't have room
in his life for you anymore,
I'm sure you can, uh, crash
at the Hall of Justice.
[screaming]
[groans]
[groans, whimpering]
Wow!
She threw that dog real far.
You know what's funny?
For a minute, I was worried
when I saw that the orange
kryptonite gave you powers,
but then I remembered,
uh, you're you. [laughing]
Come on, let's go,
little piggies.
What did I tell you?
Isn't this better
than Spanish class?
-[guinea pigs] Si.
-[guinea pig speaking Spanish]
[Lex] Hey, Lois Lane.
Always nice to see ya.
Talk, Lex.
I know you're behind this.
Impressive destruction,
but not my work.
Your name is literally
on the monster.
Looks like
one of my little babies
is all grown up.
That's creepy.
Spill it, Lex.
What have you done
with Superman?
Wherever Superman is,
it's got nothing
to do with me,
or my company,
LexCorp International.
[ominous music playing]
[justice league grunting]
[Superman grunting]
[Batman] Hey! Stop chewing
on that Batarang.
Bruce Wayne paid a lot
of money for that,
and then gave it to me
as a present.
Vic, can you override
their defenses?
[sighs] I can't do anything
while they got me
stuck in airplane mode.
All those protocols
for an alien invasion,
nothing for little furballs.
These quadrupedal land maniacs
have made a giant mistake
messing with the King of...
Oh, whoa!
Hey, hold on.
Is that fish food?
[chomping]
Aw, someone was hungy.
Lex Luthor denies involvement,
but is quote "team bad guy."
Luckily, Superman's dog
is on our team.
Krypto?
Of course, Superman's dog
he makes out with.
He'll save us.
[Superman] No.
He doesn't have his powers.
But those other animals do.
And... and like, can't Krypto
work with them
to... to save Metropolis?
Yeah, about that.
He's not the greatest
with other animals.
He better get it
together soon,
or those ferrets
are gonna take over the world.
[Chip muffled] Is he okay?
[groans]
[PB] Looks like
he's still breathing.
Yep. He's alive.
Pay up, dog.
[chomping]
You bet on if I was alive?
Nope. I bet on
if you were dead.
I bet you were
horribly maimed.
-[scoffs] What a fun game.
-Hey!
So, what, uh,
what is this place anyway?
Is this some type
of fancy DMV?
Are you kidding?
It's the Hall of Justice.
This is where
the Justice League hangs out.
I bet they're all
super tight buds,
and they, like,
try on each other's clothes
and then they eat, like,
really fun snacks,
and then they probably just
tell each other everything.
Yeah. Everything.
[melancholic music playing]
[sighs]
He seems sad and defeated.
So, it is a DMV.
[sighs] Maybe one of us
should go talk to him.
Not it.
Ace, you always know
what to say.
[melancholic music continues]
-Watch out for the--
-[metallic thud]
-[Ace groans]
-...invisible jet.
I just want to be alone.
This is the best place
to watch the sunset.
You wanna be alone,
why don't you go
someplace uglier?
Besides, don't you
wanna save your Superman?
Of course I do.
He's my best friend.
At least I thought he was.
Things are changing so fast,
he didn't even tell me
he was getting married.
That's what's got your leash
all twisted, huh?
[Ace sighs]
Yeah, well,
people are complicated.
How would you know?
Nah, forget it.
[sentimental music playing]
[gasps] You had an owner.
Right. That's your business.
I am not gonna pry.
Was he nice?
[groans]
They.
My owner was a family.
♪ We all come from somewhere♪
♪ Even when you know where
[Ace] A mom,
a dad,
and her.
[baby laughing]
♪ You can count on me
♪ And I can count on you
♪ That's what friends do
♪ Life can be a long maze
♪ Filled with good
and bad days ♪
♪ Walls can make you
feel safe ♪
♪ But they'll block the view
♪ You can count on me
♪ And I can count on you
♪ That's what friends do
[baby crying]
♪ You'll see, that when
your heart feels hollow ♪
♪ That only means
there's room ♪
♪ To dream a different dream
♪ So set it free
and smile through the sorrow ♪
♪ You'll be the brightest light
this world has ever seen ♪
Ace, what you did
for that little girl...
Nah. It was nothin'.
I just did
what any dog would do.
And they just gave you away?
I don't blame them.
They were just
protecting their kid.
But you saved her.
And I'd do it again.
Worst day of my life,
but I wouldn't change
a thing about it.
Why not?
Well, when you love somebody,
and I mean,
you really love them,
you gotta be willing
to do anything for 'em.
Even if that means
letting them go.
Even if it hurts?
[Ace chuckles]
Especially then.
You know what they say
about dogs, don't you?
Never feed us chocolate.
We love unconditionally.
-[whimsical music playing]
-[crackling]
[both grunting]
-[Merton] Excuse me, sir.
-[Chip screams]
[Chip groans]
I am really bad at this.
That's just because
you're still learning
your powers.
Every hero struggles like this.
Until they have
their training montage.
['80s rock music playing]
[chews loudly]
[squeaks]
[knuckles cracking]
[grunting]
[yells]
-[crackling]
-[Chip screams]
[music stops]
-[Chip continues screaming]
-[gasps]
[grunts, screams]
-[Chip screams]
-[glass shatters]
[chuckles] They're gonna
need a longer montage.
Those guys, well,
they suck visibly.
Yes, I... I can agree
with you there,
but they're stronger
than you think.
[grunts]
[Ace] PB just needs to
love herself
as much as she loves
everyone else.
[screams]
[Ace] Chip needs to feel safe.
-[Chip exclaims]
-And Merton...
Merton needs leafy greens.
You really know them, huh?
It's called listenin'.
You learn a lot about someone
when you're locked up
with them forever.
Wait a minute.
Lulu was in the shelter
with you, too.
What did you learn about her?
All that guinea pig
ever talked about
was world domination
and some bald dude
with nice hands.
-Lex.
-[ominous music playing]
Of course. Stryker's Island.
She must be going there
to spring him.
Not if we get there first.
Come on!
-Watch out for the--
-[metallic thud]
[Ace groans]
Invisible jet. Yep. [groans]
Maybe put up a sign.
Or rope it off.
Maybe some cones.
-[alarm blaring]
-[dramatic music playing]
[robot guard]
Intruders. Intruders.
Adorable intruders.
They are so cute.
No. That's my robot brother.
[Lulu] This is it.
Finally, the two great minds
of our generation,
back together. [chuckles]
Your pet is coming
for you, Lexi.
[guinea pigs cheering]
Oh, no! Oh, gosh!
Cheese and crackers!
-[rock music playing]
-[engine starting]
Oh, my gosh.
Wonder Woman has sat,
like, right where I'm sitting.
Actually, I feel like I am her
because I'm just, like,
in her stance,
I'm in her seat.
And there's a peanut wedged
in the crack of the seat.
And now I'm eating her peanut.
More importantly,
can a dog fly a plane?
Of course.
I can fly. This can fly.
It'll be just
like riding a bike.
Do you know
how to ride a bike?
No, I know how to fly.
[groans]
Relax, we'll be fine.
[alarm beeping]
Stop saying that!
We're never fine!
[all screaming]
[all continue screaming]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[Ace groans]
-[PB] Who shot us down?
Wonder Woman's invisible jet
is invisible.
It's really more transparent.
[meows]
[purring]
Whiskers?
Out of the way, cat child.
We have to get to Stryker's.
Sorry, I can't do that.
Lulu saved my life.
Now, I must take yours.
Goodbye.
[dramatic music playing]
-[Krypto yelps]
-[PB screams]
[humming]
♪ La-di-da-di-da ♪
[all screaming]
[Whiskers laughing menacingly]
In here.
Okay. Everybody stay quiet.
-[explosion]
-Uh-oh.
-What "oh"?
-I'm gonna...
No, never mind.
No, wait, never mind.
Never mind, never mind.
[horn honks]
-[romantic music playing]
-What's happening, handsome?
Come on, we're both grown-ups.
Don't leave me hanging, okay?
[laughs, gasps]
[whiskers laughing menacingly]
[muffled] Ay,
she's going to see us.
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
PB, I'm gonna need you
to get a little smaller.
I know,
I just can't control it.
[sighs] Even with powers,
I'm nothing like Wonder Woman.
[Whiskers in sing-song voice]
One, two, kitty's
coming for you.
PB, there's something
you should know
about Wonder Woman.
Praise be her name.
Diana is fiercely independent,
completely her own woman.
And if you really
wanna be like her,
you'll be yourself.
[grunts]
-[Merton exhales]
-[PB gasps]
[Whiskers laughing menacingly]
I'm gonna rip you
limb from limb.
Okay, Chip,
time to light that kitty up.
But what if the demonic
laser gatodevours me?
Or all of us?
Or she only spares me,
and I forever
carry the guilt of survival?
Chip, we all go
to dark places.
I thought about throwing
Lois Lane in the ocean.
But you can't spend
the rest of your life
stuck in your own head.
You're right.
It is really scary in here.
Okay. You can do this, Chip.
Get out of your head!
[heroic music playing]
[laughs]
-[Krypto grunts]
-[Chip yelps]
All right, let's get
to the bottom of Merton.
It all started
in Central City, 1854.
[dramatic music playing]
I'm just a sweet
little purr-purr baby.
Why won't you play with me?
And I had a whole period
in the '60s
where I was basically
a full-time alchemist.
[groans] Merton,
we don't have time.
Here. Try these.
[uplifting music playing]
[Merton] Whoa!
None of you are turtles!
-This explains so much!
-[uplifting music fades]
-[Chip gasps]
-[Whiskers] Super-Pets,
come out to play.
[sighs] That monster is lucky
I don't have my heat vision.
Good thing you've got
something better.
What's that?
Us, you idiot.
Okay, pack. I have a plan.
[dramatic music playing]
[meows]
[coughing]
[grenade pin clinks]
See you in heck.
[meows]
[dramatic music continues]
[Krypto] What's the matter?
Cat got your tongue?
Now!
[Ace grunts]
[gags]
Boom-boom-boom. Here I go.
Mrs. Fast Pants.
["Theme from A Summer Place"
playing]
Mm.
[smacking lips]
Meow, meow, buh-bye.
[music stops]
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
Uh-oh.
[explosion]
[Whiskers] I still
have eight more lives.
[heroic music playing]
Come on.
[Krypto] How fun was that?
[Ace] A missile was shot
into my chest!
[Krypto] Uh, that's
one way to put it.
[Ace] There's no other way
to put it.
A missile was just shot
into my chest.
The threat was neutered,
thanks to Krypto and friends.
This is amazing!
-Yes! Humanity is saved.
-No!
My baby made friends.
If you all had pets,
you'd understand.
You know,
I had a cheetah once,
but she ate my landlord.
And tore up my couch.
Man, I loved that couch.
On the planet Oa,
I thought I had a pet raccoon,
but he thought we were dating.
All the creatures of the sea
are my friends.
Except for that one eel
who knows what he did.
Yeah, I'm not really
an animal guy.
Oh! Are you allergic or...?
As a child, I fell into
a well filled with bats.
I can still hear the screams
as their dark wings
flapped around me,
scratching my chubby,
childish flesh.
I'm tormented
every waking moment.
I really think a pet
would be good for you.
[dramatic music playing]
[both sniffing]
[gasps] I got Lulu's scent.
[sniffs] She's this way.
[scoffs] Well, look at you
being a dog.
Also, the prisoners
had egg salad for lunch...
and down that hall... [sniffs]
Oh, dang, [sniffs]
I think a robot guard
got his heart broken.
Dolores.
[melancholic music playing]
I'll admit, sometimes it
can be a little too specific.
[rumbling]
[ominous music playing]
-Lex! I'm here!
-[sentimental music playing]
-We're finally reunited.
-Halt.
Ah. The student returns
to the teacher.
Oh, good. Your marmot baby.
Shove it.
I'm his favorite henchman,
not you, you piece of...
[Lulu squeaking]
[clears throat]
Now, I have a present for you.
Um, it's not here,
but I have pictures of it.
Loser, loser.
Look at all
their dumb outfits.
Huh. My evil plan to take out
the Justice League.
[chuckles] Wow!
You really did study.
Ooh! And wait until
you see this.
Okay, I don't know
how that got in there.
No one wants that, right?
[chuckles] Well, clearly,
I've been hacked.
Okay, let's get you
out of here.
Oh, I can't believe
this is finally happening.
I can't believe
this is actually happening.
[dramatic music playing]
[yelling]
[electricity crackling]
[heroic music playing]
This ends now, rodent.
You were just defeated by...
Let me remember it.
The League of Super-Pets.
Brring, brring.
Hello, who's there?
Uh, the League of Super-Pets.
Give it up, Lulu. It's over.
You idiots. You're actually
getting the hang of this.
I'm toast. I'm a goner.
Not.
[sinister music swells]
[Ace] No!
[Lulu] One more step
and the puppy gets it.
Unless your friends
walk into those cells
over there.
Ace, attack. I'll be fine.
[chuckling]
You'll be a pancake.
Okay, I'm gonna count to three
and I'll start at two
'cause I'm evil.
Two...
All right, Lulu. You win.
No! Don't listen to her.
What choice do we have?
[Lulu] Oh, I didn't know
they were gonna be so sad.
He doesn't wanna
go in the cage,
but he has to,
to save the other one.
Everyone is upset. [chuckles]
♪ The dogs are sad
♪ The turtle's sad
♪ And the squirrel is sad
-[PB grunting]
-[dramatic music playing]
Okay. Now then, where was I?
Let me look at you, my pet.
Oh, Lex.
[romantic music playing]
♪ What the world needs now♪
♪ Is love, sweet love
♪ It's the only thing
♪ That there's just
too little of ♪
-Lex?
-[romantic music stops]
Lex, what are you doing?
We're a team.
Lex, we were
scientists together.
No. Lex, what are you doing?
I mean, come on.
You didn't expect me
to share credit
with a rodent, did you?
[shouts] Lex!
[sobbing]
[Merton] Oh!
Little turn of events!
♪ The guinea pig is sad
[grunts]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
Lulu, I know you're hurting,
but join our pack.
Hold up, wait! For real?
She left us to die
in a fire, remember?
Yeah, but if we work together,
we can get outta here
and save Superman.
Huh. You truly love him.
Of course I do.
You're a fool.
He'll only break your heart.
Luckily, I'm going
to do you a favor,
and destroy him
before he gets the chance.
What are you talking about?
Oh, did I forget to mention
my evil plan's grand finale?
In 28 minutes,
the entire Justice League
is gonna go kaboom.
If I can't have my guy,
then you can't have yours.
No. I won't let you hurt him.
Just one question,
how are you gonna stop me
when you're trapped in a cage?
You're trapped, too, genius.
Yes, I know.
But just like at the shelter,
I always have
an exit strategy.
Hey, girl.
Dish, queen.
How'd it go with Lex?
[growls]
Okay, I feel
like I can say this now,
I never liked him.
Lex will pay
for what he's done.
Right alongside
the Justice League.
[ominous music playing]
You won't get away with this.
I say this with love.
You are all losers.
You've always been losers,
and you'll continue
to be losers
until the end
of your loser lives.
Oh, and Krypto,
I'll be sure to say goodbye
to Superman for you.
-[timer beeping]
-[ominous music fades]
Well, well, well.
If it isn't
the Justice League,
captured by me,
entirely on my own.
The guinea pig
did literally everything.
[Lex] Yes, gotta admit,
doesn't feel great.
But it's all worth it.
Because you chumps
are going down for good.
[ominous music playing]
[Super-Pets grunting]
[somber music playing]
[Krypto] It's no use.
These cells were designed
to keep anyone
with powers from escaping.
You'd have to be as strong as
Superman to get out.
Well, we can't just give up.
There's a difference
between giving up
and knowing when it's over.
Mm-mmm. No way.
Not for superheroes.
I'm not a superhero.
I'm not even a good dog.
When I was a puppy,
I promised
I'd watch over Superman.
And I failed.
All because I was jealous
of Lois.
Who wouldn't be?
Have you seen those bangs?
Ba-bang!
Superman was my only friend
and I was afraid to lose that.
But you can't blame yourself.
I'm the only one to blame.
If I really was his friend,
I'd have been there for him
no matter what.
My father was right.
My problem is me.
[sniffles] I'm sorry.
Nah, man, you're good.
You're just finally
being real with yourself.
You can't have justice
without truth.
Thanks, Ace.
But it's too late.
Are you sure
about that, perrito?
-What do you mean?
-[dramatic music playing]
You're flying.
What?
I'm...
My powers.
I'm back!
The kryptonite
has left the dog.
[sniffing] Well, that does
smell like sandalwood.
[grunts]
All right, time to save
the Justice League.
-[Chip speaking Spanish]
-Let's crack some skulls.
No, you've done enough.
Um, say what now?
I started this
with one best friend to save
and now I have four more.
Aw! He means us.
I can't let you keep risking
your lives for my mistake.
But don't worry,
when this is over,
I'm still taking
you all to that farm.
Pup, up and away!
You believe that dog?
Has an emotional breakthrough,
gets his powers back,
and then bounces.
-I thought it was sweet.
-Me, too.
I'm medium on it, you know,
if I'm honest.
[sinister music playing]
[metal creaking]
[people screaming]
Time for the death
of Superman.
[Krypto] I'm not so sure
about that.
[up-tempo
electronic music playing]
Ugh! This guy again?
[growls]
[squeals]
[screams]
[groans]
-[groans]
-[music stops]
[sighs]
[chuckles nervously]
-[squeaking]
-[sinister music playing]
Any last words?
-[groans] I love saying that.
-[rumbling]
Any last words?
Ooh, it is fun.
[chuckling] Hey.
You liked my little joke?
Lockin' you up in the cell.
[laughs]
That was funny, right? Right?
No, hey, come on, it's me.
Papa Lex.
No, hey... What? Come on!
[laughing menacingly]
Yeah, I don't get paid
enough for this, no.
[elevator dings]
Lock the gates.
[machine beeping]
Ew, I can't wait that long.
Let's do it now.
I want to do it now.
[Mark] Are you sure about this?
I mean, the kidnapping
we could get behind.
We liked the kidnapping,
but if you do this,
they'll die.
That's the point of...
What did you think
we were doing?
Mark, Keith, suffer.
[both screaming]
[Krypto] Stand down.
[dramatic music playing]
Okay, Krypto, you are
definitely stalking me now.
I'm, like, creeped out.
-[gasps]
-Bye.
[Krypto grunts]
[gasps] Fly over there.
You mean,
toward the murder rodent?
Where is Superman?
You're too late.
I'm sending him back
to the place
from whence he came from.
Boop!
[alarm blaring]
[building rumbling]
[laughing maniacally]
No!
[Lulu continues laughing]
[building crashing, rumbling]
What... What's going on?
[Lex] Uh, yeah, funny story.
I, uh, turned my office
into a rocket ship.
All billionaires have 'em.
It's true.
[Mark coughing]
Krypto, there's a bomb
on the rocket.
When it leaves
Earth's atmosphere,
it'll implode.
[Keith and Mark coughing]
We're just coughing. Go!
I'm coming for you, Superman.
Uh-uh-uh!
Not so fast.
[pilot yelps]
-[screaming]
-[gasps]
[Lulu] Who gets to live, doggy?
The man you love,
or the woman he does?
You can't save them both
on your own.
[distant boom]
What's up, dog?
Ugh, what is this? PAW Patrol?
[chuckles] I thought I told
you guys to stay put.
When do we ever listen to you?
Boo! I'm bored!
-Let's get to the fiery crash.
-[snaps fingers]
[pilot and Lois screaming]
You save Superman.
-From a rocket?
-I trust you.
Okay, but from a rocket,
though?
Hop on, y'all.
Because this pig right here
[in deep voice]
is about to go ham.
[people gasping]
[both screaming]
[tense music playing]
[both gasping]
[screaming]
[helicopter thuds]
[heroic music playing]
[growls]
That thing took our Superman.
She's goin' down.
[PB grunting]
[in deep voice]
Merton, hit it.
[Chip screaming]
[Chip] Ay!
It's over, hamster.
Hamster?
A hamster is just
a dollar store gerbil.
A hamster is a chipmunk
with nothing interesting
going on fur-wise.
[Krypto groans]
[growls]
You're up, kid.
Open it like a can of tuna.
[grunting]
[screams]
-Well, I loosened it for you.
-[chuckles sheepishly]
[sighs] Man,
I hate bein' invulnerable.
Here we go.
This is gonna hurt tomorrow.
Why couldn't
I have been stretchy?
Or, like, gotten
a magic hammer or something.
[groaning, yells]
[machine beeping loudly]
[tense music playing]
-[metal rattling]
-[groaning]
[machine beeping rapidly]
[explosion]
No!
[groaning]
Face it.
-It's over.
-Huh?
[groans]
Your Superman is no more
and now his precious
little dog is about to...
-What? What is it?
-[tense music stops]
Do I have
something on my face?
Do I have a pimple?
Is it wet? Is it ready?
Should I pop it? [gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[PB grunts]
[PB groaning]
[Ace groans]
Hey, guys. Big fan.
Um... You all see
the giant pig too, right?
No. How did they...?
You forgot one thing, Lulu.
Unlike you, I have friends.
[Lulu grunts]
[heroic music playing]
[screams]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[suspenseful music playing]
[whispers] You're right,
you do have friends.
But not for long.
-[rumbling]
-[ominous music playing]
[building rumbling]
[birds screeching]
[tires screeching]
[people screaming]
[people gasping]
[ominous music continues]
[distorted voice]
Kneel before Lulu.
[growls]
Oh, come on.
[soft music playing
on speakers]
[distorted voice]
I said, kneel!
[dramatic music playing]
[groans]
[groaning]
[Lulu roars]
-Try to keep up, turtle.
-Okay.
-Porcine creature...
-[gasps]
...follow my lead.
Batman works alone.
Except for Robin, and Alfred,
Commissioner Gordon...
[both grunting]
[upbeat music playing]
-[slapping]
-[Lulu grunts]
[roars]
[Cyborg] Don't mess up
my half-fro!
[Lulu grunts]
[Flash and Merton laughing]
I am Aquaman.
[all grunting]
[Aquaman grunts, laughs]
[Green Lantern laughs]
Get it, squirrel!
-[Chip laughing]
-[Batman] ...Justice League,
Batgirl, Batwoman,
my IT crew,
whoever Morgan Freeman played,
Ah, what the heck.
[grunts]
[groans]
[Ace snarling]
[Lulu grunts]
[Lulu grunting]
-[roars]
-[all screaming]
-[roaring]
-[tense music playing]
[groaning]
[dramatic music playing]
[grunting]
-[roars]
-[groaning]
Watch, you pathetic pooch,
as I destroy
everyone you care for.
And there's nothing
in the world
you can do to stop me.
[stirring music playing]
You're right, Lulu,
there's nothing I can do
in this world to stop you.
What are you
talking about, man?
And why was your syntax
so oddly structured
in that sentence?
[sighs] Keep an eye
on Supes for me.
Where's he going?
No. Not the Solar Paw Punch.
The juice box thing?
But that'll kill him.
Krypto, no.
[dramatic music playing]
You were right, Ace.
Whoa, whoa!
[Lulu] I am a few guineas
short of a pig.
-[Lulu laughs]
-[PB] Uh...
[heroic music playing]
[Lulu laughs]
[Green Lantern] Ah!
[Aquaman grunts]
[screams]
[groaning]
[roars]
[Ace] Well, when you
love somebody,
and I mean,
you really love them,
you gotta be willing
to do anything for 'em.
[Krypto] Even if it hurts?
[Ace chuckles]
Especially then.
[dramatic music swells]
[groans]
[all screaming]
[distant explosion]
[heroic music playing]
-[Krypto grunts]
-[explosion]
[yells]
No!
[dramatic music playing]
[groaning loudly]
[dramatic music fades]
[solemn music playing]
-[coughs]
-[gentle music playing]
[Ace groans]
Man, it sucks
being a canine shield.
-[bones cracking]
-[Ace groans] Oof.
[clicks tongue]
I think my teeth
are still glowing.
You saved my life, man.
Hey, well, you were
in the middle of saving ours.
You know what
they say about dogs.
[chuckles]
So, something did get through
that super skull of yours.
Don't make me take it back.
-[Keith] Bum, bum, bum.
-[Mark] Bye.
[water splashes]
What?
What have you done to me?
I'm in hot dog water, aren't I?
-[both laughing]
-[Lulu] No!
-Yeah!
[triumphant music playing]
[panting]
[Lois] Oh, thank goodness
you're okay.
[whines]
I'm happy for you, buddy.
You know Krypto rescued me?
I know the feeling.
He rescued me a long time ago.
He's a good dog.
[barks]
[chuckles]
Come here, boy.
[barks]
[grunts, laughs] Hey.
[chuckles]
[Krypto panting]
I'm sorry, Krypto.
You know you'll always be
my best friend.
And nothing
can ever change that.
[Krypto whines]
Oh, one more thing.
[Superman chuckles]
-[gentle music playing]
-Wow, look at that.
I did have this
whole thing planned, but--
Oh, no, please,
this is exactly
how I always pictured it.
Giant evil guinea pig.
This... This was
on my vision board. Really.
You wanna keep going?
Yes, I would. Thank you.
Lois Joanne Lane,
make me
the happiest Superman
in the universe.
-Will you--
-Yeah, okay!
[coughs] Prenup.
[clears throat]
[barks]
[Superman exclaims]
-[Lois giggles]
-[Superman chuckles]
[toy squeaking]
Squeezy Bruce!
That better be a licensed toy,
or I will freak out.
[Chip panting]
[Green Lantern grunts]
[yelps] Oh!
Hey, don't worry. I got you.
[sighs]
Okay, what's happening?
Wow, this is so weird.
[squeals] So beautiful!
High-fiving so slow
when we're both
really fast. Huh.
Princess Diana of Themyscira,
I humbly present myself,
Super Hog,
still brainstorming, to you.
-[PB gasps]
-You will be a mighty warrior.
And cuddle buddy.
Woe is me.
-[mellow music playing]
-No one cares
about the water guy.
This water guy does.
Hey, my name's Keith.
-[kisses]
-Aw, little piggy kisses.
[Cyborg] Hey, smokey.
You're looking
a little burnt out.
Need a light?
-[gentle music playing]
-Oh, look at me!
-[laughs]
-Aw, come here.
I'm Mark. And your name?
[bird cawing]
-[gentle music fades]
-So, you are a dog.
I am the Batman.
Sorry, I'm not
really great with animals.
Yeah, I'm not
really great with people.
Probably because of my
traumatic puppyhood.
As a child,
my family was taken from me.
As a puppy,
I was taken from my family.
So, I've steeled myself.
-[somber music playing]
-My emotions, always in check.
[both] No one ever getting past
my impenetrable defenses.
Ah, what the heck?
-[soft music playing]
-[laughing]
Good boy.
Okay, the Batman
loves you, too.
[collar chiming]
Oh! Hey, Pops.
Yes, it is I, Dog-El.
-[sighs]
-[fast-forwarding]
Never eat chocolate.
That dog in the mirror is you.
Fireworks suck!
Tell Gail I said hey!
Looks like you worked
everything out with Superman.
Thanks to your advice,
I made some new friends, too.
And now I've gotta
bring them to Smallville.
I promised them
that it would be their new...
[Batman chuckles]
-[Wonder Woman laughing]
-[Green Lantern] Aw!
-[Flash laughs]
-...home.
[uplifting music playing]
[Lois laughs]
[upbeat music playing]
[train horn blaring]
[screeches]
Hey, Chip-tonite,
-How's it going with Jessica?
-We're getting pretty close
as person and pet.
She even put a ring on it.
Nice costume game, PB.
Thanks! It even has magnets.
Um, how long
is this gonna take?
I got a hot date
with two firemen's helmets.
Spoiler alert, they're twins.
[engine roaring]
[barking]
You're late.
Sorry, me and the Dark Knight
were playing
a little bit of fetch.
Have you met Chewperman?
[toy squeaking]
So disrespectful.
-[toy squeaks]
-Y'all started it.
So, what's the mission?
We can answer that.
[Keith] Okay,
our intel indicates
a dog has been mutated.
This could be dangerous.
We have to stop him.
Tighten your collars.
We've got work to do.
[growling]
[deep voice]
I ate the FedEx guy.
Hey, I know that dog.
He's giant and blue
and about to crush us.
Can't crush what we have.
Say it back. Come on.
-Come on.
-Can't crush what we have.
[roars]
Super-Pets, activate!
[heroic music fades]
["Message In A Bottle"
by Taylor Swift playing]
♪ These days I'm restless
Work days are endless ♪
♪ Look how
you've made me made me ♪
♪ But time moves faster
replaying your laughter ♪
♪ Disaster
♪ Cause now you're
so far away and I'm down ♪
♪ Feelin' like
a face in the crowd ♪
♪ I'm reachin'
for you terrified ♪
♪ Cause you could be
the one that I love ♪
♪ I could be the one
that you dream of ♪
♪ Message in a bottle
is all I can do ♪
♪ Standin' here
hopin' it gets to you ♪
♪ You could be the one
that I keep and I-I-I ♪
♪ Could be the reason
you can't sleep at night ♪
♪ Message in
a bottle is all I can do ♪
♪ Standin' here
hopin' it gets to you ♪
♪ How is it in London London
♪ Where are you
while I'm wonderin' ♪
♪ If I'll ever see you again
♪ You could be
the one that I love ♪
♪ And now I'm standin' here
hopin' it gets to you ♪
♪ Cause you could be
the one that I love ♪
♪ I could be the one
that you dream of ♪
♪ Message in a bottle
is all I can do ♪
♪ Standin' here
hopin' it gets to you ♪
♪ You could be the one
that I keep and I-I-I ♪
♪ Could be the reason
you can't sleep at night ♪
♪ Message in
a bottle is all I can do ♪
♪ Standin' here
hopin' it gets to you ♪
♪ You could be
the one that I love ♪
♪ I love ♪
♪ And now I'm standin' here
hopin' this gets to you ♪
[Lex] Hello?
Excuse me. It's me.
Are any adorable animals
going to let me out?
Maybe a cat? How 'bout a cat?
Nope.
[sighs]
I always knew this is how
it would end for me.
[beeping]
[crackling]
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music stops]
[Lulu] Oh. It's you. Hi.
-[soft music playing]
-Let's be honest.
The two of us
are the real brains
behind this operation.
Forget Lex.
We should team up.
So, what do you say?
You wanna come live
in a studio apartment?
Like, with you?
Like, pet-owner situation?
Hmm, uh, let me think.
Yes, yes! The answer is yes!
So, just something
to know about me.
I'm passionate
about world domination
and my nails
need to be trimmed
twice a month.
[soft music fades]
[heroic music playing]
[barking]
[toy squeaking]
Fetch!
[toy squeaks]
[electricity crackling]
[thunder rumbling]
[toy squeaking]
That's my toy.
Then, why is it in my mouth?
[Superhero] Superman.
Black Adam.
Your owner's a hero, too?
-[toy squeaks]
-Antihero.
It's basically exactly
like a regular hero
except way cooler.
You make up your own rules,
and then you break them.
Also, you can ignore
most moral
and ethical conventions
because no one can stop you.
Yeah, that sounds
a lot like a villain.
Antihero.
If he's anti a hero,
then isn't he a villain?
Admit he's an antihero
or Black Adam
will destroy you.
Very villain thing to do.
It's a fine line,
not gonna lie.
Well, whatever he is,
I bet he can't fly to Pluto.
Oh, yeah? Watch him.
[Krypto] My toy.
[dramatic music fades]